#AngularJS

 [learn-angular.org](http://www.learn-angular.org/)
 
 template - the HTML portion of the app.
 
 The feature that differentiates Angular templates from server-generated pages, however, is that in Angular data can be injected, modified and removed from templates without ever requiring a page refresh. This feature provides a more fluid experience to the end user and enhances the overall feel of Angular web applications.

scope - the object that represents the "model" of your application. It contains fields that store data which is presented to the user via the template, as well as functions which can be called when the user performs certain actions such as clicking a button.

controller is a function which augments the scope with data, functions, and whatnot.

"root module" is the base module for the application

###Two-way bindings
one of the most important directives in Angular, ngModel. allows us to bind values to HTML elements such as input fields. When using ngModel, not only are changes in the scope reflected in the view, but changes in the view are reflected back into the scope.

###Binding CSS classes

use the ngClass directive

-----

notes from: [Dependency Injection Demystified](http://www.jamesshore.com/Blog/Dependency-Injection-Demystified.html)

>"Dependency Injection" is a 25-dollar term for a 5-cent concept.
>
>Dependency injection is really just passing in an instance variable
>
>~ James Shore

tldr; giving an object its instance variables.

Why Do This?
Among other things, it's handy for isolating classes during testing.

-----

###Showing and hiding
shortcut to show or hide an element`ngShow` and `ngHide` directives
	
* manipulate the `display` CSS property
* take an expression as an argument
* return a Boolean value.

###Adding and removing

`ngIf` adds and removes elements from the DOM
>Code that performs calculations based on the position of elements in the DOM will behave differently with ngIf as opposed to ngShow or ngHide, as the latter two leave hidden elements in the DOM.

>State is not preserved when Angular adds/removes elements from the DOM using ngIf. Elements that are removed from and then readded to the DOM are regenerated by Angular and reappear in their initial state, not the state that they were in when they were first removed.

>Elements inserted with ngIf live in their own scope which inherits from their parent element's scope. In simple terms, this means that applying ngIf to an element is like applying a second controller directive. You will have access to the same fields as in the parent, but they will reside on a separate scope object. You therefore cannot rely on variables in one scope to remain synchronized with those in the other scope.*